update install page for v3.0 (#241)
OpenCilk/www.opencilk.org: src/doc/users-guide/install.md

  order: -3
download:
  host: https://github.com/OpenCilk/opencilk-project/
  release: opencilk/v3.0
  ubuntu_2404_x86: 
    shell: opencilk-3.0.0-x86_64-linux-gnu-ubuntu-24.04.sh
    binary: opencilk-3.0.0-x86_64-linux-gnu-ubuntu-24.04.tar.gz
    size: 1.31 GB
  macos_arm:
    shell: opencilk-3.0.0-arm64-apple-darwin24.3.0.sh
    binary: opencilk-3.0.0-arm64-apple-darwin24.3.0.tar.gz
    size: 1.22 GB
  docker: 
    binary: docker-opencilk-v3.0.tar.gz
    size: 1.69 GB
---

## System requirements

OpenCilk 3.0 runs on Intel x86 64-bit processors (Haswell and newer), AMD x86

> 64-bit processors (Excavator and newer), and various 64-bit ARM processors, including Apple M1 and M2. It has been tested on the following operating systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
64-bit processors (Excavator and newer), and various 64-bit ARM processors, including Apple Silicon. It has been tested on the following operating systems:
```
